/*
David Martin
Professor Tucker
CS-172
5/24/18
Computation and the World: Homework #2
	Computer technology, whether I like it or not, is on a path to change the world, and it has already
begun. The world has changed more in the past 100 years than it has in all of human history. The change 
I personally would like for it to bring about is related to my personal worldview and also not, because
it applies to everything. I hope to see us build and create technology that allows us to better act as
God’s stewards of the earth. One way I hope to see this achieved is through advancements in space-faring
technology. By getting around space, we not only give ourselves the opportunity to explore God’s
creation, but we also gain access to more resources and lighten the burden of our own world. Another
possibility with programable technology is with vertical and automated farming. The ability to create
farms that take up less space and are run by computers would provide the world with affordable food.

  Computers have also opened up an entirely new market. All software is completely digital, and it can be
created with little physical cost where the only true expense is time. Our ideas and our creations can be
instantly shared and communicated with the rest of the world, allowing us to work in a very unified manner.
Through things like Google and then Alexa, we are able to access any information we want to at any time.
And, though the programs are generally used harmlessly, I find that much of the information is difficult
to understand and sift through. I hope to see programs that successfully organize and synthesize information
implemented on a larger scale in a very easy-to-access way.

  Creating programs that do things like get us to space involve mathematical algorithms too advanced for
my mind. The things above are simply what I want to see happen, but the chances are that I will do things on
a slightly less-grand scale. What I personally hope to do is simply modify or create programs in a way that
makes them easy for anyone to use. Computers are celebrated for how they connect the world, but they also
push people away when only a few people know how to use them. I believe that my vocation in computer
science is to make programs that are accessible and comprehensible.
